And then I'm just going to switch my video off and mute myself.
Yeah, please take it away, Anna.
Okay, before we start, can we give a collective bandhan since we're all together here for the war in...
So Caroline, thank you for asking me again to come. And like I said before, I'm not a great speaker, you know, but I'll try my best.
Also, I hope that whatever I share with you, this will be...
Will be pleasing to Sri Mataji and her divinity, because we're all yogis, we're all connected to her.
We are yogis because of her, because of her blessings.
So I hope that whatever I share will be pleasing to her, and that you all will find it inspiring.
So many of the things that I'm going to speak about...
First, I'm going to talk about these three incredible miracles, because they are incredible.
And then I'm going to just speak a little bit about the many of the different programs that we have, the public programs.
And I just wanted to let you know that these public programs was not just me.
Some of them I did organize, some of them, but most of them, actually all of them, they had the contribution of so many wonderful people.
And actually all of them, they had the contribution of so many wonderful yogis, you know, from America and from Europe.
So we'll discuss that later.
But I wanted to finish with the miracles, because I think that you will all be astounded at these.
The one that I really, I really was going to share the last time I started, and you know, we never have enough time.
And by the way, Caroline, you know, whenever I'm getting too long, just let me know.
I'll shorten whatever I'm saying, because I don't want to go overboard.
I don't want to be too long.
So whenever I'm getting to the point where you think it's over, just let me know.
But Anna, I would, but last time it was just the joy to listen to you.
OK. But anyway, just let me know.
And also, you guys, you know, you can ask questions, you can cut in.
You don't have to be silent if you have any questions about anything. Just speak up, you know.
So that would be great if you do have any questions.
But three beautiful things that I think you guys will just be astounded at how divine our mother is.
You know, like I said last time, I always wanted to know who is God?
You know, who is God? What is God?
You know, what is what just what is it? What kind of state is it?
And the one which I really love, I love all of them.
But the one I want to share first is was in Los Angeles was to 2006.
And I think it was Guru Pooja.
I think it was Guru Pooja. We were in L.A. and I sat down for meditation before the pooch was going to start.
Everybody was sitting down, meditating and getting ready.
And a certain point of us who came up and said, I might need you later on because we can't find Dorothy.
Dorothy is one of our yoginis from Philadelphia.
And she was supposed to do something with the gifts and they couldn't find her.
So Vasu came up to me and said, if we can't find Dorothy, can you come and help?
I said, of course, you know. So towards the end of the poocha, he did call me and he said, come, come up, you know, behind the stage.
And I went behind the stage and there were, you know, gifts that are actually gifts that are already been given on the stage.
There were just a few left and the yogis that were on the stage were already finishing up giving the gifts and putting them away.
So basically, you know, I was just standing there and I really didn't want to go back.
I just want I was going to wait for Shrimati to leave so I could just see her close up.
And so I waited and when they prepared Shrimati to leave, they closed the curtain, of course, to the stage.
So I was behind the curtain and just was watching Manoj, the leader at that time, wheeling Shrimati down the ramp.
And as Manoj is coming down, gently pushing the wheelchair, I look at Shrimati and she looks like a little old lady to me.
She was she looked sick. And her head was bent down towards her right side and it was touching her left, her right shoulder.
And because she looked like so tired. And and then as Manoj passed me, I'm looking at Shrimati from behind and I see her right shoulder kind of slumped down.
And her head bent down as if she she was really, really tired, but I couldn't see her face.
I could just see her body like very old and very, very tired. And, you know, just like I just like a little old lady.
To me, she looked like a little old sick lady. And then as I was watching her, I said to myself, Shrimati, you're not this little lady.
I know you're not. I know you're not this little old sick lady.
And then Manoj pushed Shrimati's wheelchair and they left the the the they left that entrance of the hotel.
And so I was left standing there still thinking, you know, Rauchi Makuji looked and thinking, I know mother is not that little old lady.
And right at that moment. I started feeling these incredible vibrations and I had to look up.
Something told me to look up and I looked up at the curtain.
The curtains were like like a grayish white or, you know, like very light gray, almost like off white.
I looked up and I see these incredible white vibrations. And then what started forming in the vibrations was the face of the goddess.
It was if you could have seen the face of the goddess, it was incredible. Shrimati's eyes looked into eternity.
And she was young. You can put an age on her, but she was like pure youth, you know, pure young youth, young woman.
And her face was looking into eternity and she was so beautiful.
And I'm just astounded at the image that she presented to me.
And then slowly, slowly it kind of the vibrations kind of dissipated and the image kind of stopped.
The image, you know, was was it stopped.
And so I started looking down. The vibrations were getting they were getting weaker and weaker.
And then I was like so full of surprise and still full of vibrations myself that I wanted to go and talk to somebody and tell them.
And I and I saw Jerry Maflow. You might even be listening now.
And I went up to him and I'm saying, Jerry, and I'm going, blah, blah, blah. I couldn't talk. I could not talk.
It was so that the experience was so powerful that I just could not talk.
And then I tried talking to his father in law. Trying again, attempting to explain what I just saw.
And it just it wouldn't come out. I just couldn't talk. So what I did, I just finally sat down on the ground.
I sit on the floor against the wall and I just close my eyes and I just, you know, relax.
What about what I just seen that was just so powerful and just amazed that, you know, that the Shama Teji, you know, allowed me to experience that.
And, you know, so Mother is not a little lady. We know she's the Adishakti, but, you know, to what extent.
She's the Adishakti. And she really gave me such a blessing that time.
So whenever we think of Mother as, you know, in her human form, it's just Maya.
It's all illusion. And hopefully one day we will see the full picture.
And the other one, another miracle, which I really wanted to share with you.
One minute.
And this was.
When Mother left her holy body, I went to Kibella.
And there were many yogis there, there were probably about three, four hundred yogis.
And we are waiting for the yogis from.
Genoa to bring down the, you know, Shama Teji's holy body.
And there, as the car arrived, the first car, of course, was Mother's.
And it opened up and Cerce came out from the front part.
And then the yogis took the coffin out of the car.
And then there were about eight yogis that started bringing Shama Teji upstairs towards Kibella, towards the dining room or towards her apartment.
And as she's looking up and as they're bringing her up the stairs very, very slowly, very carefully, you know, what came into my mind was all of the past experiences of I had.
I had.
Experience during my time with her.
But, you know, with the physical body and in me, just like everybody else, you know.
We were all so emotional and I just started crying.
And then I said to myself, as I was looking up, the yogis were carrying the coffin.
Slowly, you know, in step in coordination.
And I'm thinking, Mother, did I, did I.
Was I worthy of you?
You know, because I.
Just like everybody else, we were all so emotional. And I said, Mother, I hope I was worthy of you and and I hope that I didn't make any mistakes.
I know I made mistakes. I know that, you know, I made so many mistakes. But I said, I just hope that I didn't neglect my family and I didn't neglect anything that you want to be to do.
And so I said, Mother.
Did I do everything that you want me to do?
You know, that I behaved well with my family, because many times, you know, I would just go to programs and leave my family alone.
And I was thinking back and I just kind of felt kind of guilty. But, you know, it was Mother's work and I had to do it.
And.
And so they were almost reaching the top of the stairs into the salon.
And then I started feeling these.
I thought I felt the fly here on my forehead, on my right forehead.
Right side of my forehead. I thought I felt the fly and I'm going like this.
And then again, I started feeling this like tingling.
And then I heard Shama's voice and she just said very gently, she said, yes.
And it was like.
You know, we were all in the state of.
Sadness.
You know, the emotions were very, very high, very deep and and and I guess my emotions were like that also.
But I just I just.
I just wanted to tell Shama that I just hope she was pleased with me.
And then I finally heard her voice just was on the side of my head on the right side.
I heard such a sweet, gentle yes.
And then I just everything just released, you know.
Not the moment, you know, where you're watching Shama Teji's last moments on earth in the coffin.
You know, anything gets released. But it was I was just so.
Content. That you know that that.
The fact that I had sometimes neglected my son, my family, my husband, and that kind of put me at ease, you know.
So anyway, mother knows everything. She knows everything.
And, you know, like she always says, if our desire is pure, she will manifest that.
And anyway.
The other one, the last miracle that I wanted to show.
Was still in the beginning. It was 1989, actually, I was going through a pretty bad divorce and I was really I was going to leave New York.
And I was in such a state of turmoil, you know, I mean, I mean, I loved my husband, but I had to divorce otherwise.
We would have affected me too much. It was already affecting me.
And but I knew I had to cut it and I didn't want to, but I had to.
So, you know, I left New York and I was making my way to Ohio because my family was in Ohio.
And my heart was like, you know, almost bursting out of my chest because everything was so heavy.
Everything was so tense, you know, and I knew I was going through a really, really, really bad time.
So I'm getting I was I took the bus. I was waiting in line for the bus. Take me to Cleveland.
And I have like three or four suitcases with me and I'm pushing them one by one.
And then all of a sudden I hear this.
Like like some kind of a wind. I had no idea where I came from.
I looked around. I didn't see anything. I didn't.
They were just people in front of me that were reading together the bus.
But I didn't see anything. And so I said, well, you know, it could have been the wind or something.
And then I went to get my suitcases and then I hear a voice.
It's a male voice. And he said, can I help you?
And I looked around and I see this man.
He looked OK. You know, he looked fine. He didn't look like mean or, you know, violent or anything.
Yeah, sure. Because I like three or four suitcases. And so I took one or two suitcases and he's picking up the others.
And we're slowly, slowly moving. And he said to me. Are you going to Phoenix?
So, no, you know, I'm not. I'm going to Cleveland. You see the sign up there?
Remember, see, see the sign up there. And so we're the line is moving towards the getting on the bus.
So we moved the suitcases up a little bit forward. And then he said, are you going to Los Angeles?
What? I'm not going to Los Angeles. I told you I'm going to Cleveland.
And then we reached almost the front part of where the conductor was taking the tickets.
And. We're right in front of him. And I don't know what happened to this person.
He actually would be the way you look like he was blond. You know, he was like kind of kind of stocky.
He wasn't tall, but he was stocky and he was round and he was blondish.
He was kind of a little bit bald up here. And but his hair was blond, not great, but just blondish.
And he was just very stocky and some kind of a white shirt on.
And so to get so. But before we reach the man, the conductor, once more, he said to me, are you going to Los Angeles?
And I said, no, I told you I'm going to Cleveland. And by this time, I'm thinking, you know, what's going on with this guy?
You know, I you know, I thought he was just a strange guy and I was going to be on the bus and I was going to be a pain in the ass and just forget this guy.
So we reached the we were by the conductor's taking the tickets and I'm going to hand in my ticket.
But this but the man that is following me is next to me and he gives him his ticket.
And the conductor opens up the ticket and he looks at the ticket and he said, hey, there's nothing here.
It was just a piece of paper. And at that moment, the man ran away.
I'm thinking. What is going on? You know, and he just took off when the conductor opened up his ticket, there was nothing there.
And he just at the moment, he's like she's like ran so quickly, like almost like a like a cat.
You know, a cat moves. It turns in him. It wants to go. But it turns very quickly.
And then it disappears. And this is what this man did. And I thought what?
What's going on here? I had no idea. I think you know what?
I got I got on the bus. And I'm still in that state of, you know, emotion because you went through divorce and stuff.
And and then I started feeling so much peace.
It was incredible. All of the tension went away. My heart opened up.
I started feeling, you know, in the state of where I wanted to be.
And that was the state of peace, of the state of knowing that that everything was going to be fine, that you had to do you had to get this divorce.
It was needed. Otherwise, it would not have been good for you to continue. And then I thought back to that person that helped me with the suitcases.
And then I'm thinking, God, I wonder if maybe she sent him, you know, to help me, you know, but.
I was talking to Louisa. Louisa is, you know, here. He told me that it could have been some form of William Ailaba, William Blake.
I don't know. But his body, I still remember distinctively his body. His body was stocky.
It was very stocky, round, and it was just all in white. And he had this blondish hair.
So I think maybe somebody.
It was some form of a deity that your mother just sent to kind of, you know, let me know that everything was going to be fine and that that that with time, I would you know, I would feel better.
Anyway, these couple of other things also happen, but I'm just going to stick to these three because they're so special, you know, and to share them with you only gives us, you know.
A broader picture, a broader knowledge of where our mother is. She's the Adishakti.
You know, we're just so blessed. We're just blessed, blessed human beings.
Hopefully, we'll, you know, reach home where she wants us to be in our South Star. Remember, when she opened up my South Star, this, you know, this is where our goal, our purpose for her to, you know, to have given us self-realization was to be able to reach her.
And God, you know, and we're just, I can't stop saying how blessed we are. So,
Anna, can I ask one question? Did you have any feeling about why he might have been asking why you're going to Los Angeles?
Well, thinking about it later, you know, Los Angeles means the City of Angels.
Yeah, so that's all I can think of.
You know, maybe, maybe, maybe if he was a deity, and I can't say for sure, but it was some form of, you know, vibration of hope that mother sent.
And then he said Phoenix, you know, you know, Phoenix is, you know, the from the Greek mythology.
He's the bird that burns himself so he can be transformed.
You see, so that's why I think he said Phoenix and twice that LA, because even she not that he says, Los Angeles means the City of Angels. So maybe, you know, that when doing this journey that I was starting would take me there, you know, so I don't know, I, I can't say for sure but that's, that's the only thing I can think of.
You know, right.
Do you have any idea.
No, no, I just wonder what you did, what you were thinking.
The only thing that can come into my mind you know so anyway there were a couple of other things that but we have to stop.
I told Carolyn that the photos that I tried finding them. I cannot, you know, I'm in the process of moving soon everything's in boxes, and I couldn't find the stuff I think Adrian has them because I either for the internal moments.
Once I get them back I will, you know, share them with you guys. There was an amazing photos from Toronto. But anyway,
the problems that we did.
You know, once I felt not secure but once I felt ready.
I started giving public programs. After I think was 1987 I got my position in 83 and as I told you guys already, and I don't want to harp on that you know, I was in bad shape.
When I came to sahaja yoga, really really bad shape left side right side of the choppers messed up back out now. Forget it.
But it took me three four years, just working on myself, which the programs, going to the pooches and by 1987 I started having the public programs in Jackson Heights in New York, Queens, New York.
And so until 1990.
I did the programs there and again, I was not by myself, you know, yogis were coming out that were living in Queens.
And many years would come also from Brooklyn, Manhattan, so it wasn't me. And that was a learning experience. And then as I get stronger and stronger.
So, 1990.
I think I read 1989, the latter part of 1989, that they were having programs in prisons, in a Sikh in India.
And I read the report, and I said oh my god, this is fascinating you know, to give self realization to prisoners. And that, that notice just, you know, really really inspired me.
And so, you know, here in New York we have Rikers Island.
It's like it's probably the biggest prison in America, it's a it's a holding prison. It means that people are there, they're waiting to go to try.
You know they're not guilty or innocent but they're waiting to go to trial to find out about, you know, their behavior, whether you know they're going to prison or not.
So it was a holding prison and there was a lot. And the night I did all the paperwork I contacted people.
And we finally, you know, got a response and the thing is, at that time, she was coming to New York.
And she was giving programs for social workers.
So it worked out that I invited the her name, Maria, Maria, she was like the head of one of the men's department in the prison. It was a medical, these were prisoners who were ill.
And she ran that and I asked, I invited her to come to Shemataji's program in Manhattan, that mother was going to get for social workers.
And she came. You know, she came and through her this was even before we did the programs we started, she came and that's why.
Afterward, and she met mother and she had a realization through mother first, not even through the yogis but through mother.
And when we started the programs. She was incredible because she had met mother and she was so enamored and so inspired.
And so she allowed us so many things that, you know, usually visitors aren't allowed to do.
She allowed us for the men, we firstly worked with the men, we worked in the medical area where the prisoners needed medical attention.
And Maria Gerena, she would allow the prisoners even to putzok.
So they would putzok and Stella, one of our yogis.
She would even bring sandwiches and they would allow her, you know, and then again there was others doing.
So we were allowed to do so many things that normally regular visitors were not allowed so we were given a lot of leeway.
But I remember the first program we did was me, I was Stella, I don't know if Jerry was listening.
I know that Mary and Berman came too.
And I remember we were waiting for the very first program to start.
And then these guys come in from another room and they're in shackles, you know, their hands are tied and their legs are held on shackles.
So, you know, they would like walk very slowly. And that was such a powerful moment because, you know, these guys, you know, you could see they were very poor.
They were all ill.
They were in a pretty bad state, all of them.
And there was, I remember there were about 12 to 15 men that came.
And we had the program and it was just so powerful. It was vibrations were very, very heavy, so heavy, because you know the environment, the status of the vibrations of you know the prisoners.
But at the end, when, when, you know, we give, we went, we went through the program the information chakras, and then it can go into the self realization, and at the end, everybody got it.
It was amazing.
And again, mother's attention was always there.
And my new Jana was always there.
You know, sometimes she would also participate.
So we did we did the men's part for about maybe three, four or five months. Then we went to do with the women.
And that was amazing because when we went to do the programs with the women. There were about 70 women that came.
There was seven that 65 to 70. They were all ages they were white, black.
I know there was some Chinese.
The majority were Hispanic and black, but there were some also some Caucasian people.
And the first program we did was amazing because they all paid attention. You know they were like all anxious to you know to, you know, to meditate.
And at the end, everybody got the realization. And at the end they all came, they all came towards. They wanted to talk to us. And we learned that most of the women were in there because of drug use.
Many of them were drug addicts.
And as children, they came from, you know, broken families. Many of them have been sexually abused.
And, you know, many of them, you know, grew up with alcoholic parents and.
But that was amazing.
With the women, and just one story I want to share about the women's program, because we did this for about three months then we went on with the teenagers, but there was one lady.
She was pregnant. Her name was Sophia she was Greek.
And she was a she was like, almost nine months pregnant.
And she came to like two three programs, and then we didn't see her anymore.
Then I thought maybe you know she, her baby was born you know.
And this is amazing. Listen to this.
Later she came back. She had her baby. And she said she had a little boy, but she she actually took over the program. She was started talking to the women she said, you guys.
This is for real.
I was my baby was born.
I was, I was a drug addict.
Oh, the doctors and the prison were expecting my child to be born, addicted to drugs.
She said my baby was born.
Very cool.
He wasn't addicted, but he was very very cool. And yet when he was when he was born.
Everybody around to feel the school breeze.
Isn't it incredible.
And, and that was amazing.
Billy's. This stuff is good you know it's for real.
And then we learned that she told me her baby's name was Richard so nobody also called always called him baby Richard. And, and then you know we stopped these programs, because we had to go on with the teens.
But the fascinating thing happened.
That was me or Andrea cousins you know she's in politics now. I don't know if she asked me or if I asked her to go to mother Hill house, which is a Norfolk in Harlem, where it's very famous mother.
And we both went there with the intention of asking the administration to do programs side yoga programs and.
And the person that we spoke with.
She told us that she was telling us the in what the way set up.
And she said we also even have a place here for young children for young babies.
And we even have a, she said, we even have a baby who came from the prisons.
My God. And also, I started feeling these migrations.
And I said, Is that baby Richard.
He said yeah.
And he was in the office, he said that he ended up in the orphanage because his mother went back on drugs.
And she had to put him in the orphanage and she couldn't, you know, she couldn't take care of him because she went back to drugs and she did.
So the baby was putting the orphanage but I asked to see if we could see the baby but the man the ladies have no, you know, visitors are not allowed to see the babies at all, which, of course, we respected so anyway that's you know that's something
that, you know, mother did all that you know we mean, dreable were just you know vehicles for all of these incredible experiences. And then we went to the teams and if Jerry's listening.
He came to work with the teams.
And
most of these, the way we have the first program you know if the the the the guards had been more committed, you know, more, they were, they could have brought more people down more to more teens down to participate, but you know, the guards they're there for their
money. You know, they were, they were good they were decent. I really didn't commit themselves fully to you know to our programs, and to get you know the teens down to participate.
And as a matter of fact, you know that the programs with teens, less than two three times because the guards actually did not want to even to bring them down.
You know, but we did two programs with the teens. And the first one that we did. We learned that all of these teenage boys.
They all knew about Tai Chi. They know about Buddha, they know Jesus, then they had a lot of information on the religious background. So they weren't just, you know,
they were seekers.
Hold on.
I got tired from the refrigerator when I talked like, it's so dry.
So we learned that was fascinating because these boys, you know, yeah, they were, you know, they came from four families, but they, they were all seekers they you know they want to know about Buddha they wants to know about, you know about Christ.
And then the program being very at the end.
And we, there was one boy that kept. We were talking, you know, talking about the chakras, and there was one boy that kept going back and forth, back and forth, back and forth.
And so we got done with the introduction.
And we were meditating. And this boy finally sat down, and he meditated with us. And then, Jerry and I, we just we took the incense, we were allowed to use the incense, you know, you were kind of like doing the bond dance to clear the picture and, and to show that you
know the kids that this is just a clearing mechanism to clear the environment.
And the boy that had been walking back and forth, that eventually joined us, then he came up to us.
And then he took the incense, and he started doing the same thing.
And he started, you know, making the bond dance around mother's picture. And then he said to us, does this mean that she matter to you forgives me.
And oh my God, me and Jerry were like, no, we were almost crying.
Because he automatically, you know, said this is mean that she matter to you, forgive me you know it was amazing is, and these kids were they were just, they were amazing.
They were, they were all seekers you know, unfortunately, the, the administration didn't pursue more programs because again didn't didn't want to be bothered you know they were okay but didn't want to bother.
We did these programs for almost two years, believe it or not, it was amazing.
Bella came, Jerry, Ben, Mary Ann came.
And also, Mr. Subramyan, you know the musician, the wonderful musician from India.
At one point was in New York.
And we met.
And anyway, he wanted to come here about our programs. And so, you know, we got permission from to come. And he, he gave a musical program.
And my God, and so at the end.
The operations were so amazing you know because you know Mr. Subramyan is a fascinating, such a, you know, deep deep singer, musician.
And at the end, you know, he always reaches those notes where he was like, your Kundalini is up. And you're just so fully connected.
And when we finished.
You know what this last song.
No, we were just all amazed, we were just in meditation.
And this, these guys that were there. They were about seven or eight of them.
This one cute big guy he was Spanish. He just took Mr. Subramyan you know, and you know Subramyan is so small.
And he took him and he hugged them.
He said man.
That was beautiful.
And he said, Mr. Subramyan, and it was just amazing you know. Then another time Andrea came.
She came.
I think this was when she was starting a political career. And she came to one of the programs and.
And I remember it was summertime, and it was so hot.
And, and before we started, I said that to the guard. I said you know it's kind of hot and you can't open the windows.
I mean, I didn't think that we were in prison, you know, and the guy looks at me like, lady. This is a prison we can't open the windows, you know, I said Oh my god I forgot.
But it was really really hot. And Andrea gave the program.
The vibrations were amazing. It was amazing because there were about 12 guys all fascinated with with the yoga they were all paying attention.
And I did. Every time. Andrea will talk, this little bird would come on the window.
You know on the windowsill. And it was just amazing, you know, and as Andrea will talk and then she would address the bird and say, Oh okay you want to participate, you know, it was just beautiful.
And the men were just, you know, they, they all meditated very deeply and I know, I know that these programs in prisons.
They were amazing that, you know, mother's attention.
Just, just does not go on us.
You know we're the privileged ones you know, but her attention goes on every human being.
Whether you're rich, whether you're poor, whether you're black, whether you're white.
And I knew every time you know we did these programs I knew mother, you know was saving these people you know.
So saving these, you know, unfortunate people. So, but there was one more story that
I will then remember.
There was one Hispanic young man he was about 21, 22.
He came to the program and he kept telling us, I'm innocent.
He said, I'm here.
I'm just waiting to go to trial I've been here like two three months.
I was going to trial and I just hope they find me innocent because I had been in a gang before. But when that particular incident happened, he happened to be near it, but he wasn't involved with some kind of either a robbery or, you know, some kind of a, you know, bad behavior that the guys that was pretty bad.
But Napoleon, his name was Napoleon said, I'm innocent. So we kept telling him, Napoleon, come to the programs and he did. He came to the programs.
And we kept telling him, when you, you just asked mother to guide you. If you are innocent and inspire patients are very cool. You would meditate all the time.
And we said, when you meditate, just ask mother to help you.
He will help you.
And you know what, the week before he had to go to trial he told us, he said, I'm not coming back now because I have, I'm going to be going to the trial. So maybe I won't be seeing you.
And so we just give bandanas that he would, you know, be found innocent. And the two, three days later, the big headline. You know, then the daily news.
You know, the news is a major newspaper here. And, and it said, you know, it said that Napoleon had been found innocent in a half hour.
You know, half hour into the trial. He was released.
So, I mean, that's another incredible story. And again, you know, we, we were only mother's instruments.
And, you know, mother, mother's attention goes to everyone.
Everyone, you know, but then we get.
We have programs, we get to Gaza for three years drug rehab.
Yeah, the drug rehabs they were also incredible. The very first program we did, and seeing the thing is the lady that
gives permission to do the program she was the director of sukasa which is a drug we have in the lower reciting Manhattan, and she also met mother, you see, in that program.
When mother, he came to give realization to social workers and Denise Donovan came also and she met mother and got a realization through she might have G.
And that's how you know we were able to start these drug programs and the very first program we did. I remember Jerry was there.
There were 89 people.
89 all waiting for us. And, you know, some of them that, you know, old clothes on some of them had dirty clothes on. I mean you can see on their faces that they were, you know that their life, you know, was not good.
It was a, you know, tense environment.
You know they were because you know because they were all caught up.
You know they were caught up on the left side and right side of the chakras were all, you know, in balance. And you know the environment was really heavy.
And it was really hard. You know, for the meditation. So what we did we just, you know, we did the introduction.
And then we just spent a lot of time meditating.
We just took extra time, longer than usual because the vibrations were so heavy and so
tense.
You know, and so we just meditate a little bit longer with the hopes that the companies will come up, and at the end, they all got it.
At the end, something, you know something just released, and they all got it, and it was amazing. And we continue those programs for three years not, you know, not consecutively time but there were times when you know we take a week or two weeks off or no read after
the coaches or whatever.
But the drug programs were amazing.
What else.
What time is it?
It's 339. Yeah, I'll try. I'll try to be brief. Does anybody have any questions?
No.
But anyway.
So we also we did programs with them again. I was never alone you know when we did the programs in prison.
Mother never let us alone.
Let us be alone with the men.
There was always a yogi or male yogi with us, always.
And, you know, she was always watching everything. And then one time. This was amazing. One time we couldn't get in. This was the prison program.
We couldn't get in. We wait like an hour.
And there was some kind of a lockdown.
You know, nobody could be in and out so we waited an hour, an hour and a half. So finally, you know, we said, I remember Stella was with us and we said you know we just might as well leave because it's already like almost two hours we've been waiting, which might as well go and then I said,
let's check vibrations to see, you know why we can't go in, you know, and we check the vibrations and you know what the mooladhara was so bad.
It was like, it was like, it was a horrible, you know, it was like something was going on. You know, regarding the mooladhara chakra within the prison and mother did not allow us to go in.
You see, amazing. It's just amazing how everything that that we did, not just me, but other your mother was there, guiding us, you know, and that's all the one thing you know never be afraid.
Because we, you know, you know, the prisons, they have, they've got isolation areas where you know they have murderers, they have, you know, psychopaths, but we were never allowed even to go there.
You know the administration of course was very
you know, we were always, you know, discriminated about that, you know, we would only see you know people that that yeah they were in prison, they were in bad shape but you know that they were not harmless and we never, nothing ever happened to us, nothing.
Oh, and one more time at the prison. This is amazing.
It really worked out something so incredible.
At one time, Maria Jarena asked me if I, how many years I could get to come to do programs. So because we want what you wanted to do was to have what have as many of us come to give realization in different of different areas of the prison with a man.
Okay. And so I was able to like eight, there were eight of us, there was, you know, Jerry, Ben, Stella, Alan, where he came, who else, Francois came, and a couple of others I can't, I can't remember right now but there were eight of us, and each one of us was in,
was in a different room, giving realization. So that evening, at least, at least 300, I would imagine 300, 350 prisoners got their realization was amazing.
We came out of the room flying with vibrations. It was amazing, you know, again, you know, Maria Jarena, that mother, and she, she really, you know, was the instrument for her thrust, you know, to bother and through her, you know, mother was saving so many people who were living very unfortunate lives and, you know, and hopefully they're all okay now.
So we did the sukasa, which would be the drug rehab. Then we did three realizations for three years my God.
When they had the very first Earth Day.
We were in Grand Central.
And as you know Grand Central is very famous it's a beautiful train station.
And it's just a magnificent. And we organized programs for Sahaj to have a Sahaj table there.
And there was a very, very first day for Earth Day celebration, and, and me and many, many of the yogis were there. And it was amazing because it was, you know, the start of the Earth Day celebration, the attention on Mother Earth.
And so many people got the realization it was amazing. We did, we did that for like three years but mostly in the summertime because in the winter.
The street realization companies that provided the areas, and they provided the tables that organized the street realization themselves and allowed us to participate.
They only, you know, did it in the summertime, or the fall but when it got cold, or you know, the weather was bad they would, but we did it for three years in the summertime goes.
That was amazing and so many people, so many people would just get the realization.
As the last thing I wanted to share is.
Yeah, the Native Americans.
Because it's getting to be like 345. I'll be very brief.
I know a lot of you want to be here but you have American program.
The starting is I had read a book called bury my heart and wounded me, which if you guys haven't read it. I would suggest that you read it because it's just a, it's very enlightening for a yogi.
It's very enlightening to realize the depth.
What actually happened in this country, or the genocide that was created against, you know, a very very innocent race. So I read the book, and I read like two days and I was amazed.
I said I got out of it.
I stopped by finished reading it and I said oh my god.
I said oh my god we have so much work to do because the this book, really, I gave you the history of the systemic the systemic organizational area of how everything was organized to
kill the Indians.
This book gives you a history of how each of the attacks that were committed, where they, they were, you know,
at night, they would go into a village, they will kill babies.
Women, they would rape the women mean the atrocious things that they will do.
And even with the, with the, one of the one of the very famous leaders black kettle.
This was in Colorado.
This happened in Colorado it's called Sand Creek.
I'm not too worried about it.
When we, when we did Native Americans who we actually had a, we had a Harvard there at Sand Creek itself.
But the black kettle.
When it was at night.
And
he saw the soldiers coming, you know, we saw the horses and the soldiers coming, and he immediately raised a white flag.
Because he knew what they were going to do. He said, I surrender I surrender, leave my people alone I surrender.
And the army came in.
They killed every man, woman and child in that village.
Something like 100 250 innocent people.
So, this is the kind of karma.
This country still has to address
the rule mother, because everything was done to her we never, we never really, we just remember we went we decided spontaneously.
And we were going to go there because, you know, we just allowed mother to work through us. And again, it wasn't just me there were many European yogis that came to.
And the way it started is this book, reading about black kettle.
All of the atrocious
committed against these innocent people. And the thing is, she might have even told us that the Native Americans were as a collective.
They were getting ready to get their self realization.
They were on the verge of becoming a realized collective.
I'm getting so many vibrations now. And this mother told us I mean I think Karen is the he knows she even she knows that. And again, look what happened, you know,
a genocide.
I mean people say it's two or 3 million people that's more than that more, you know, some, some historians place it at least 10 to 15 million innocent people were killed.
And I just
start.
Men and women were raped.
Children were massacred.
So you can imagine what kind of karma, but again through mother.
Some of it has been alleviated, because we had about.
We did about six or seven Native American programs.
When we went, we went on the reservation.
We give self realization.
We get a lot of happens on these
worse.
Who just many habits because the heavens were extremely important to clear the left side, because as you know, once you know the genocide occurred.
You know the the the Native Americans, not only in America, Canada, but I wasn't in Canada. I can speak about that but I can speak about America.
Once the same curve, this terrible genocide occurred by night by 1890.
You know when wounded knee occurred and wounded knee was the last.
I would like to say the last attempt at the Native Americans to maintain their culture and their way of life.
And as you know, would it need is work.
290 of them were killed.
Luckily, we were there.
We actually had a, we had two three albums there are many yogis from Europe, and Americans we all prayed at one did need.
And we actually even put up the banner.
I'll tell you how that happened but we put up actually, we're able to put up four banners of mother, mother, you know, huge banners of my mother's picture on the reservations.
But the way this started is, I was watching TV one evening, and this man Native American. His name was Richard iron cloud.
And he was talking about Pine Ridge.
I hold on.
Now Pine Ridge is a Lakota Sioux.
They're the Sioux nation.
And they're Lakota.
And he was on TV and on the 2020 news program 2020.
He was talking about Pine Ridge, and how the poverty that was there. The suicides, you know the drug addiction know that.
And said oh my god you know why can't we just, you know, why can't I just call him and see if people like to hear about side yoga, and I was able to reach him.
But if mothers work, you know, I say I but it's not me it's mother. Trust me because all of this came about because of her guidance and her attention on what it is that mother needed, you know, to save this country.
You see, and so I was able to reach him very easily by the way, you know, and he said sure you know you said come, you know, come and he was in South Dakota.
And.
And so we organized the programs, the very first program.
Jan Janice Janice was there, Brian was there. Ron became Iraqi brother because they eventually came to one of the Christian approaches in 2005.
And through them, and to Richard iron cloud.
We were able to give, we were able to go back to four times on time bridge itself.
And we're able to give a realization to not a lot, because of the programs was not heavily attended. And there were some Caucasian people because many, you know, not many but you know Caucasian people work on the reservations.
And some Caucasian people came, they were mostly Indians though. And, but the programs were not heavily attended. You know, I would say maybe, you know, not more than 20 at a program.
And, but always vibrations were amazing. They were just amazing.
And
when we got a lot of people is when we get the power.
You know the power is the celebration that the Native Americans have to music and dance. They have a gathering, they'll come together to dance music. Children are there. The women have their own dances, the men in the dance on their own.
Anyway, so it's a celebration that is there, they're celebrating celebratory gatherings, and it the power was when we were able to get a lot of realization.
I mean, you know we were there for the weekend.
Pine Ridge, and we you know we give as much as two or 300 self realization.
So the people that were very, very easily come and sit down. And the thing is, the Native Americans, because they were the first citizens of this country.
They're the Shudis. Now they're all caught up now because, because of the genocide.
Okay.
And,
but, but their connection to the verata to Lord Krishna is so great, because they could get realization like that.
I mean, people will come they will sit down there, please would come up, we didn't even have to work. You know I hear, you know, in the in the regular programs, you know you'd have to work 20 minutes to half hour on a, you know, on regular people, you know, you have to work on their chakras,
and you have to, you know, remove many many obstacles before the Kundalini can come up with the Native Americans. It was amazing.
The Kundalini's would come up so easily, and they would get realization like that. So quickly, because they were the first citizens of this country, and they were so, so fully connected to Krishna.
You know, and, unfortunately, of course, because of the genocide because of the past, you know, the Rishuji's are caught up.
But the Kundalini's would come up really quickly. So basically, since 2004 to 2018 that the pandemic came, then we had to stop. So the last one was in 2018.
But during that time we had about six or seven Native American tours. And during that time with what I saw is the change in what is happening the Native American.
Sorry my phone is ringing. It's okay.
We saw the change, what is happening in the Native American communities.
First of all, two ladies are now part of the Congress in Washington.
And two, three years ago, Deb Haaland, she actually became the Secretary of the Interior. She's from Mexico. She's part Swedish and part Pueblo.
And she's actually now the head of the very big Department of the Interior where she's in control. And she's makes the laws regarding the lands in America, your national parks, and so forth.
And she also started when she came into, she started her position, she also started a group for missing and murdered indigenous women, because that is something that has been going on for years and years.
And now they're really, really bringing a lot of attention into it. And they're trying to stop because the attacks that the Indian women experience on the reservations and outside of the reservation is horrible, horrible.
So Deb Haaland actually started this part of her department where they are, you know, looking into this and trying to, you know, trying to stop this.
And so, since 2004, so many things have happened.
The Native Americans are waking up.
And this is what mother needs.
They need to come out of the left side. Okay.
Because, because the genocide.
They were so horribly damaged.
You know that
they ended up with drugs, suicides,
alcoholism, I mean, didn't even know alcoholism. White people brought the alcohol.
The white people, they would put smallpox underneath the beds.
You know, just part, just all part of the genocide of how
dominating, you know, force wants, wants to subdue an innocent
people.
And this is what happened in America.
But also what's happening now on a very positive note is that
they're waking up now.
The movement is there.
The movement for them to, you know, get their rights again.
They are voting now, many of them are voting.
Many of them are, you know, seeking help, you know, for their addictions and so forth.
And I know that because on the reservations, they all have, you know, health services.
And many of them, you know, are being helped.
But also what's important is that this left side is not fully yet healed.
The left side is still there.
But Shri Mataji is slowly, slowly healing it, you know, so that once the American society fully recognizes what they did
and they admit to this genocide, then the virata, then Lord Krishna can be fully awakened.
See, and if you read, if you listen to Shri Mataji's incredible video,
Puja 1989, the Virata Puja, you have to listen to that because this is, this is where Mother addresses all of these issues.
So what I'm telling you is not, you know, me, it's Mother.
It's her information.
And she tells us on this video, and we say it's Virata Puja, right? Krishna.
You know, Krishna fully awakened in our brain.
And that was, by the way, was the most powerful Puja I've ever attended.
We all, you know, you know, I think all of the Pujas are powerful.
Each Puja has its own, you know, importance.
But in each Puja, Mother is working on something really, really important.
You know that. And in the Virata Puja 1989, Shri Mataji worked out so much for the Native Americans.
And she told us because so many Native Americans were killed so viciously, you know, so viciously,
so atrociously and so terrible that they became lost souls.
They became confused souls. And they were left hanging, you know, in the air because they were confused.
They had died so badly and so terribly that, you know, they were lost.
And this created like a cloud over the American society, you see.
And so many problems that this country had, the drugs, the alcohol, the guns, stems from this karma.
You see, even the guns, you know, and even one time I was talking to one of the Yogi's.
He's a lawyer and he was of good kinds with Grecois.
And when Grecois would come to New York, he would, you know, go to Jim's house because they were both lawyers.
They were very good friends. And Jim, he got the Lyme disease.
OK, you know, Lyme disease is. They're like, you know, they take these little ticks that gives them really, really bad infections.
And Jim told me that Grecois told him that Srimadaji said that Lyme disease is actually the little microbes.
They're like little insects. And they are the souls of Native Americans that are trying to get their revenge and the white people for taking their land.
Isn't that incredible? You see, it's amazing.
When I read that, when I when Jim told me that, I said, wow.
So. What's needed to be done now, you know.
The left side still has the clear. It's not fully there yet, but it's still there.
And what's extremely important. What I feel is extremely important.
And you guys can, you know, let me know what you think is that the United States government.
As to the government itself, the president, the politicians, they have to go in front of the American people and they have to ask for forgiveness.
From the Native Americans, because it was been done to them, that has never happened.
There's there to be a dynamic and powerful truth and reconciliation.
For the Native Americans, because if that's not done through the American government and them speaking to the American people and admitting, yes, we did this, we ask for forgiveness.
The virata would not pull it open. But on the other hand, what has to happen?
You Native Americans have to forgive. You see, and.
Some of it is there, and to be honest with you, some of it is not.
So some are angry. Rightfully, they still have anger.
But on the majority of the people that I dealt with on the reservations that I even saw my friends, they're very forgiving.
You know, because most of the Native Americans, you know, they still have a great connection to the earth.
Whereas most of us don't. You know, we don't we don't have that. But the Native Americans, all indigenous people, not only the Native Americans, all indigenous Aboriginals in Australia.
They all have a great connection to the earth and the elements, you see, and this makes them, you know, forgiving. That's why I found that because they still have, they still have respect and believe in the elements of the earth, the sun, the moon, you know, and it's invited in them.
It's invited in their DNA, even the modern ones, even if you speak with the modern Native Americans. And I met so many of them, the young, you know, the teens, the teenagers.
It's in their DNA, you know. So we just have to, as Yogi's, we just have to pray and desire that the U.S. government
does this truth and reconciliation for the Native Americans and that the Native Americans also fully forgive, fully.
And I think once that happens, I think, you know, the karma will be alleviated in this country.
This is what I've learned, you know, through the Native American programs and it's amazing. I mean, the tours that we did, if you basically, you know, I don't know why the power in that company.
Are you losing power, Anna? Yeah, but it's connected.
But yeah, go ahead. No, I just had the one question is getting a little bit late.
Also, I just wanted to ask, is there any plans to start up these meetings again?
You know, the thing is, after the pandemic, you know, everything stopped, you know.
And when I was in the Pine Ridge, I actually stayed in Pine Ridge from 2007 to 2008, I even got a car, believe it or not.
2017, I went there in November 2016. And then I was there until May 2017.
And while I was there, I worked as a substitute teacher on the reservation with the children.
And it was, I did programs there. And every week people would come, but they would come and they would go. Nobody actually stayed on.
And nobody actually, you know, nobody really, you know, became Yoties, you know.
So the programs right now, there are no programs going on.
I'm in the midst of moving because I, you know, I have so many personal things that I need to address.
And so I haven't done anything yet because if I don't address these personal issues, I'm just going to have more problems, you know.
But what I want to do is, I'm going to try and contact a Native American community here in New York.
Once I get settled in my new place, I will try and contact them to see if they want any programs.
I did contact them many, about maybe seven, eight years ago.
I did a fair with them because they did a health fair with their people.
And I called them and they allowed me to go. And then I contacted a couple of them afterwards, but they weren't interested in doing any follow ups, you know.
So what I'm going to do is once I get my personal stuff out of the way, I'm going to try and see if I can do some programs again.
And maybe do another tour. I don't know yet.
But, you know, we have to see where, we have to see where our divine mother wants us to go, you know.
That's where she needs us. That's the most important thing.
Yeah.
But, you know, since the pandemic, you know, many things slow down.
But then also during the pandemic, it was hard to, you know, it was hard to do anything because I'm not a technical person.
I can't get a use on me with this.
Yes, yes.
I said yes. Yes, indeed.
You know, so, but I think soon once I get all settled, I hope I hope through mother, you know, that we'll see what she needs.
Any questions?
We just have, so how do you, we just have to, because, you know, the Native Americans, if they get there, you would be surprised.
One time, you know, Fabrizio, many of you know Fabrizio and Cozeta, they came two, three times to the tours.
And one time, this one man came up to Fabrizio, we were appointed to buy something.
And this one came, one Indian came up to him and was asking for money, you know, because many, because there are many, many are poor.
It's changing now. It's changing.
This was about seven years ago. We were in Pine Ridge.
And this man came up to him and said, can you give me some money? Fabrizio is broken English.
She says, I'm going to give you a gift. Now he said he told us, we weren't there, but then he told us, big man, this man was older.
He was an alcoholic. He was like really sick. He was an alcoholic. He was smoking.
And Fabrizio said, look, I'm going to give you a gift. He said, hold out your hand.
So the man who held out his hand, his kundalini came up in seconds.
Can you imagine that the man is an alcoholic? He's poor. I mean, he didn't have any teeth.
You know, you could see that he was, you know, physically, he was not even well.
But his kundalini came up in seconds. It's amazing how, you know, how the Native Americans, how they're still, you know, so.
What's the word?
You know, they're so ready. They're so ready.
They're what? So ready. They're ready. Yes. But also, you know, nobody became yogis.
And I spent a lot of time, you know, on the reservation. I worked there, you know.
But again, you know, who are we to say he's not a yogi, he's not a yogi?
You know, you become a yogi on your own through, through Shri Mataji and through Shri Ganesha.
That's how you become a yogi. So.
You know, because she was it, Shri Ganesha was it and also our desire.
So, but who knows? But things are, you know, things now, they are way, way better than they were, you know, 20, 20 years ago. Way better.
And now through them, what I want to do is me and I want to get a couple of other yogis.
We can I want to write them how long, you know. Once I get my stuff out of the way from this car, this house, I want to I want to write to her.
And see if we can meet with her because because she is such a good person, you know, and I'm just going to stop the recording.